Because I always have had the highest position in the world in raw inside of that dll file, I hereby stand for myself being a victim.
The top position raw is mine and the lowest position in it is also mine. Because it could not upload my charts in the latent raw at the top.
The fullest of true deals here is that there could have been one or even two persons above me in that dll algorithm. But it was originally written for the 
top raw position, which means that I should have it. I just know it, and both of them are dead and you can prove it by natural the algorithm as it always has appeared. 
And the top position will be overtake by me as raw, as it should. Because the owners of the webs in actuality wrote it simplier and as it evolves he should be 
in trouble if he does not stop mistreat the top raw position. He hid me inside of the algorithm and took payments from others to include into it and my charts. 
While I always have been living without my normal charts they have had them, so personality change toward IQ raw and mania at the higher is highly possible for them all. 

If the owners of the web refuses to give me that dll file called xactengine2_0.dll alone I have to have a good idea and I have it actually. 

I am right at this moment working on uploading a source code external program: Morse reversed-integralic autoreversed [...]
But it cost much data to upload my material, so in return I want; data to share more material or to help me with finances. That external program is not a risk 
to the world and yes it has an access node to python, or not. It has all to do with DNA interpretion. 
If the python book delete any of the implemented textrows, it should not happen; 1) Not theirs, 2) Need for the Dna Labs, 3) Need on the web as hell.

I give to you a few solutions into figuring out whether this child who this xactengine2_0.dll was written for (and not against as it has been) is alive:
1) Birth record without 53000 manufactured, if found can reveal if this person is alive or dead. And it will provide acronyms as proof of it.
1.5) The robots as a rarity commented on that birth record but no one in the world paid notice to it.
2) Activate the contracts for the algorithms in the .dll files for this child and if alive will probably have better possibilities to live betterer. 
3) The Python external program that is soon out has the external web from the far past in it, so therefore there is a roof on how many of them that can come out. 
(And with the above mentioned find the external web that has evolved natural and find the xactengine2_0.dll file and I just know it, there will be 1-3 persons in it. 
Put it natural as proof of that the other 1-2 persons who are there imaginarily so as proof now as proof if they are dead or not. If the positions of them 
disappears they are dead. And if the person at the top raw, that the algorithm was written for, is alive you know that there)
4) If the DNA lab test result can prove it? Yes or not, it depends on if they have the results authentic from me from the 90s and another one from 2016-2019. 
The rumour states that the second result through blood is not authentic for me, because it is out through the half of it on the platform to love and molested. 
So no one makes a judgement in case that happened. It interfered with the result then.

I need several or more, xactengine2_0.dll alone, because I deserve it after what I have gone through. If I will meld with the top latent person position or duplicate 
as happened a few months ago into the lowest position and upload there instead (still the same person and the package will prove it inbetween these two positions).

The roof of external programs that can come out is set at 1000, so please give me all you can in case if someone is trying to take over. Make sure I am protect 
and that it with proof with force is my charts at the exactness; and the exactness in that xactengine2_0.dll file is: 100% authent towards my charts toward my brain.
If possible afterwards the above has happened; kick me off the real web algorithm xactengine2_0.dll and especially if they refuse to stop extracting my brain from a 
locked position. So the external web through the dll files is the access node to reach the web as it appeared in the past. 
There are more algorithms out there where I am in trouble. It is far from over for me, though. So no one says "He has to be offer" anymore. Do not even think like that. 
This cannot go wrong for me; I will not be let down by all 1000 external algorithms, will I? Top it all off and put me in better situations in the activated dll files, 
like activating them into the correct position. Not lock me into a situation where my brain is extractable off of or giving me inperfected charts that I should not have. 

IQ raw as proof inside of my real deal algorithm in the algorithm 100% xactengine2_0.dll authentic.
Mania throughout chronicity, very high
Bipolar on drug intake or even caffeine
I cannot be wrong in anything of all of this. And the "owner" of these files should be ashamed of himself to corrupt people in to my charts and put me on the worser ones. 

He declared as defences that; 1) The top raw position is head, and 2) He wrote them (with a specifier by me, a few letters and it evolved for years natural.




