How to become a Christian

If you want to become a Christian the first thing you have to do is accept Christianity as the true religion. If you have belief in another religion (Islam, Buddhism, Hinduism, etc.), I will not punish you for it.
Though, I want you to be Christian with me. Because the more Christians we are in society, the better the life on planet Earth will be. 

So think about it. Is your will strong enough to be a Christian? Are you at all willing to become a Christian and work with me? 

There is no need to be afraid of me, and; I am God and I accept those of you with other beliefs too. Better late than never to convert, though.
I would never harm anyone. Because I am the good God of the universe and I want everyone to become Christian.

If you are Christian and have time to spare; Why not spread the Christian word throughout your neighborhood? You have already made a difference by accepting Christianity as the truth.

Even though you are Christian, I still want you to read this book together with me. You will find some differences between this book and The Bible. The Bible was in the past. And now is now. What is most relevant?
Are you stuck in the past or are you with me for now and into the future?



This time I will make it difficult to misinterpret the words written in this book. I am God and I together with my friend here wrote this book in a way that cannot be misinterpreted.

If you pray to me, I promise you with the whole of me and my soul; I will hear your prayers. And if you have something else to communicate to me you are welcome to do so; I hear your prayers and I thank you for your openness and willingness to include me in your life. But I will not be able to answer your questions. 
I hope you forgive me for it.


I want you to forgive your enemies at all times - no matter what.
If you choose to not forgive your enemies you will be hurt again and again from the memories of pain. 
When you forgive someone for what they have done, you actually give the pain they caused you back to them. And you can still choose to never speak to them again.

If you after a reasonable while do not get anything in return still; then do not give anymore and cut the bonds. You have now - with that decision - shown your integrity to most importantly yourself. And integrity is one of your most important assets in life. You should use it more often.

If we look at Christian belief though, you give five times instead of three times; or sometimes up to seven times before you expect something in return.

If you truly want to become Christian in the eyes of me and others, you must have great faith in me and in Christianity. Do not be indifferent to Christianity; because that will never make you Christian.

Minimize the amount of lapses you do in life. And if you do, 
learn for your mistakes. That will define for yourself how much of a Christian you truly are.
In the eyes of me you are allowed to do lapses, but only to a certain degree. I give you a limit of seven major lapses to be allowed; or should I call them sins. When you reach your eight sin in adulthood you will not be able to be a Christian in the eyes of me anymore.


A sin for me is to consciously hurt or injury another human being or to consciously cause distrust or doubt in Christianity and to its followers.
Also notice; to take advantage of others for economic or sexual gain can also be sins.

I have certain duties, for example; I need to serve the many other civilizations in the universe. How many they are I cannot tell you. But they are more (or perhaps less) than you might think. Advanced life does not only exist on planet Earth. That I can assure you.
You now understand that I cannot please everyone all the time.

Traditionally, people see me as a male figure. But I am not a male, and I am not a woman either; but I am genderless and I am proud to be. 

I want you to remember that God is genderless. 
This is more important to me than you may think. I know it will be hard to stop calling me “He” or “Him”; but the important thing here is to be aware of the fact I am genderless. If you by accident call me “He” or “Him” or something else maleish is irrelevant.
