How to become a Christian

The first step in becoming a Christian is to find and accept Christianity as the religion to put your faith into. 

I can very much show you that Christianity is the religion to believe in. 
I am God; and my main goal as God is to serve planet Earth and everything that comes with it. I have the abilities to make a change for humanity too and now I have found a person whom I can send my message through.

You now need to convince me and other Christians that you are an active one. You can feel Christian but in order to become a Christian you first need to behave like one. And your best opportunity to do so has come now. Your main goal will be to behave like a Christian. That will make other Christians welcome you as one of them.
If you want my approval you must have more qualities.

How should you think now; when and if you have the wish to become a Christian in the eyes of God?

First you must be active and not passive in your belief. You will have to sacrifice something in your life. Because in order to become a Christian before me; you actually have to work actively with and for me, for the best of Christianity.

This is how you can do it; You are now given the opportunity to help God. I am God and I stand in direct contact with this human; and we discuss on a daily basis how we can help humanity and planet Earth for the better. This person is from today officially your Savior. That I have decided And I think he will do great things for you and for the Earth.

Already several months ago I made him suffer on the cross; just like Jesus suffered. But he survived and Jesus died. Now, if you trust me, say it out loud: I want to follow in the footsteps of my Savior and become officially Christian with him. I am God and I can hear you. If you want to leave a message to your Savior; then take it through me. I will not be able to respond you. However, I might communicate your message to The Savior of humanity on planet Earth. That is the writer of this book together with me.

You are now also Christian in the eyes of God. And with that being said; I have great faith in you, and you will defend Christianity against disgrace and protect the many Christians on planet Earth from hateful comments and harmful actions. 

This is important to understand as a Christian [in the eyes of God]: If you commit too many sins before God; He can choose to no longer accept you as worthy of being a Christian. And you are now permanently not Christian in the eyes of God. 





How is it possible to be a Christian if God does not accept you as Christian?

It is impossible because God has the final word. 
Every Christian need to have the approval from God before they can call themselves Christian in law.

I am now Christian in law. 
How should I now behave to be a good Christian?

A good Christian must have great faith in me and in Christianity.
You shall also not shown indifference to Christianity. A true Christian, for me, takes action against the forces in the world, that tries to hurt Christianity; with their words or acts. 

If you are truly Christian you must not take advantage of others for economic or sexual gain. That is to commit a sin and that can cost you in the eyes of God. Christianity is the true religion. Convert if possible.

After reading this book many people will want to be Christian; and hopefully we can find enough of them to fight for the best for Christianity and humanity. You now understand that Christianity is the only true religion with all that it means.
I want to see a Christian revolution. I have been waiting for this to happen for a very long time now.
The right time has come; 2021 is the year when the Christian revolution have to start. Are you with me?

Why do I want to see a Christian revolution?
The timing is almost perfect, and I have found a person who now helps me spreading my words to the rest of the world. And I want to see what can be accomplished if we go together in the belief of Christianity. I feel now how important this Christian revolution is. 

So now we start writing Christian history. It is still up to you what you want to do. Are you willing to be with me on this?

We can accomplish great things. We will show the world how religion saved humanity! 
If you want to do this with me and for the sake of Christianity; you now have the opportunity to communicate with me these seven words: “I am with you in this God.” I hear your words and your prayers always.

I want to reveal something to you now. And I am sorry it took me so long to do this. I wanted to wait for the right timing and now is the right time. I can feel it now. I have to say this because you deserve to know; Jesus has existed and he died on the cross [like many others]. And I know this because I was with him when he suffered on the cross.
Now is the time to tell you, and I promise you; Jesus died on the cross and he is a great symbol of Christianity; but he was not my son. Yes, you heard it right. Jesus was not my son.
He was not at all related to me. What really happened about 2.000 years ago I will not reveal right now. But I promise you; it was a chaotic time.

If you now feel like a true Christian through your blood and veins; you need to listen to this [message]: The Bible is now a bit outdated. And I hope this book will be accepted by you Christians. This book was written for two reasons and they are; First: To create a Christian revolution. 
And second: To show the world which is the religion to have faith in.
Now is the perfect time to write new Christian history. 
Are you with me in this and do you accept this book [before your eyes] to play an important role in the future of Christianity? 

If you are Christian; you have no obligations to go to church.
I can tell you this though: Every Sunday morning I will be in church and listen to you; and your words, your songs and your prayers. I also see all the love and passion you have in your Christian belief. I can look forward to these moments with you. And that you should forever remember when you go to church; that I am probably already there waiting for you. And I can hear and see everything. I am there without your awareness. Thank you for going to church. 

If you for some reason can’t go to church I have an idea for you that will do equally well; stay at home and pray from there. I can assure you; I will always hear your prayers. I can hear your thoughts as well. If you feel lonely or sad then; speak or think - and I can hear. I will not be able to give you anything in return, though, but I hope this can give you some positive effects. You are not alone in what you are going through. 
I am the Almighty God and I know every single person on planet Earth. I can memorize everything; and I do it too.

Forgiveness is one of our most important assets. So use it.
If you have chosen to forgive your enemies you have already understood the importance of forgiveness.
While if you do not forgive your enemies; you will be hurt again and again from the memories of pain. 
What happens when you forgive your enemies is this; you actually are giving that pain they caused you back on to them.
And the best thing about forgiving: You can still choose to never speak to your enemy again!

Some examples of so called gifts are given here: prayers; the powerful use of words to help; leaving out references into how to become a better person, and; helping those in need.

If you after a reasonable while do not get anything in return; then do not gift anymore and cut the bonds. You have now - with that decision - shown your integrity to - most importantly - yourself. And integrity is one of your most important assets in life. You should use it more often.

If we look at Christian belief though, you give five times instead of three times; or sometimes up to seven times before you expect something in return.

As a Christian I first expect you to believe in God, and that is me. You are supposed to help others to become Christian too; but only to those with an open mind for it. If you help someone to become Christian I want to thank you for your contribution. Because now we are one more in the process of making this Christian revolution take place. 

If and when the Christian revolution takes place, and I hope; It is of great importance for you to make this in a peaceful way. I will show you which powers peace can have to the human society. I am God and I can see you so do not let me down on this. I give you everything you need to make this revolution happen and in return you make this a peaceful revolution. You are only allowed to use violence in the case of self defence. Do I have your word on that? 







