How to become a Christian

First you have to accept Christianity as the true religion. You then have to also believe in me because I am God and I want the best for planet Earth and humanity. If you want to do this; make sure you have the inner motivation to accomplish great things in the name of Christianity. 

You must make sure you remember this too;
God is watching you always and wants you to do the right thing for humanity and for Christianity and planet Earth. Always.

Now I want to explain to you what is a sin. You can commit up to seven sins in a lifetime.

How to know what is a sin;
If you consciously hurt or cause injury to other lives you have committed a sin. A sin can also be to disgrace Christianity or disgrace those who believe in Christianity. To cause distrust and doubt in Christianity also qualifies as a sin. Especially if you do it for your own gain.

The truth is that God is the only one who can decide what is a real sin.
When you commit your sin number eight then in the eyes of God, you will never be able to become Christian (again). 
But God will forgive you always for your sins. And He will not punish you for your sins.

To be able to feel better in your Christian belief, you should do this; make use of your belief and try to minimize the number of lapses you make. And when you do make a lapse; make sure you learn something from it. That will define how much Christian you are.

If you choose to become Christian with me and accept Christianity as the religion to believe in you will become a happier person. You will have to make sacrifices in order to become truly Christian with me.
And I want the whole world to become Christian with me.

But the whole world will not accept the truth about me and Christianity; I however gave you the chance to accept Christianity. And now it is up to you to decide what you want to do with this revelation. 
Help others with an open mind to take Christianity to their heart and soul. If you have believed in another religion; You will now get the opportunity to convert to Christianity. You do as you want now. I want humanity to accept you as you are.
But let us come together now. Christianity is the true religion. Convert if possible. I am God and I am the purest good in the universe. That means Christianity is not only true; but it will also make humanity greater again. Actually I want you Christians to save planet Earth. Become one in your belief and work together to save planet Earth and humanity from disaster. I know this and that is; planet Earth needs to be saved now. We need a savior of planet Earth and humanity.
I have made my decision, and remember the savior has been chosen. The one who writes this book with me is the savior of the planet and humanity.

I am God and the last resort for me to save civilizations from disaster is to reveal myself. That could actually make the difference. Now is the time to make planet Earth a better place again.

If you pray to me, I promise you with the whole of me and my soul; I will hear your prayers. And if you have something else to communicate to me you are welcome to do so. I hear your prayers and I thank you for your openness and willingness to include me in your life. But I will not be able to answer your questions. It is just how it is.
I hope you forgive me for it.

Forgiveness is good. It will actually help you to forgive your enemies.
Because if you do not forgive your enemies you will be hurt again and again from the memories of pain. 
On the other hand if you can forgive your enemies; you actually are giving that pain they caused you back on to them. And you can still choose to never speak to them again.

If you truly want to become Christian with me you must first have great faith in me and in Christianity. You shall further on not be indifferent to Christianity or be a passive Christian; because that will never make you fully Christian in the eyes of me and others.

Traditionally in Christian belief God was seen as a maleish figure. I want this conception to vanish because; I am not male nor am I female. 
And I want all people on planet Earth to understand; I am in fact genderless.
From now on well into the future; never forget I am genderless.
And it is very important that the world see me so. 

If you still will want to call me “He”, “His” or “Him”, it is your choice. 
The thing of most importance here is that you know the truth. And the truth is; I am genderless.

The Bible was in the past. Much has happened to society since then. This book must now take over. You must not misinterpret the content of this book. If you still want to search for alternative interpretations; it will be hard for you to make them come true.

I understand and can listen to what you have to say no matter what language you speak. I know all languages to perfection. And guess what; I can read your thoughts as well. That means you can communicate with me in two kinds of ways. 
Unfortunately I will not be able to answer your questions. And that we cannot do anything about.

This is important; I hear everything you say and I hear your thoughts as well. I know you. And that means you are not alone. God with all His consciousness is with you. Every step you take God is with you. Never forget. You are not alone. I promise you that.

You have now - with a decision - shown your integrity to most importantly yourself. And integrity is one of your most important assets in life. You should use it more often.

If we look at Christian belief though, you give five times instead of three times; or sometimes up to seven times before you expect something in return.

If you are truly Christian you do not take advantage of others for economic or sexual gain.

