There could be people out there who has bought a rock with an ingraved person into it. I think that they have projected my DNA protocol into these ingraved rocks.
Because these files contain my DNA protocol. Afterwards they could have ingraved their own DNA protocol into it and tested extract it from my brain and blood.
Remember them as the guilty ones and not me, because I know one more thing here: My DNA protocol is through data (not known how to be found) and it is 
irrelevant as to if they take all their lamps, projectors and pcs off. I will still remain there. Not them though, because they do not have it in their vocabulary.
I could be projected into their walls too, and russian regim a has projected me into a hole in his rock, big as a thumb. My brain is through data and that is 
why Geneva refuse me to have my brain back. Because they think I - who sits here behind the pc screen with all these DNA protocols attached to me - does not "exist".

I am the victim here. My mania has been dropped at least 37 times throughout the last few years right as it is about to happen (I should have it through cronicity).
They in actuality press it down so hard that my depressions are heavier than you think here. Since the age of 15 when my mania should have kicked in for real.

I still want you to think about this: To give my normal charts of the brain back normal. By realizing that Geneva miscalculated on it to low authenticness.
Proof existed in the file xactengine2_0.dll on my pc screen, that someone paid to take over a few weeks ago. He is now standing infront of a "decision" as to 
whether he wants to give the position back to me or not. He could have a very high intellect and mania now - so if you noticed someone it could be him.
He took over my charts through the .config and updated it to exclude me. It existed to only my dll files because I took over the rights to them in 
configuration.

He is here now and observing what I am writing. So you could know who he is. And remember these charts to be authentic for my brain, and through air and without 
his brain in it as a problematic fact.


